that man
see now the rumors can cease that like
or and I are not the same guy hello
everyone for one rustling calm this is
Bill after Jushin Thunder liger alright
welcome to the after chat so Hungary
minimus it's very good to see you and
you're here with the new japan pro
wrestling at Ring of Honor hmm
so are you is this something that you've
been looking forward to for many years
because alright there's some company but
the musical is more strong yes I'm very
happy tonight ok yeah what would you
like to say out there to the fans in the
United States and Japan and the whole
world yes could you say something to
your fans in Japan yeah nobody else is
like okay now I'm gonna ask you I always
had my interview with see you at the
matches can you say that in Japanese see
you at the matches could you say that
see you somatic in Japanese in Japanese
semantics in Japanese in Japanese go
ahead okay
you